Xiping is busy with business today
Plus Shou Wang returns to Jingshu Town
No time to see you
I hope you don't wonder
The emperor works hard for the country
How dare the concubine say more
His Royal Highness Shou Wang rarely returns to the palace
Isn't this going to southern Xinjiang soon?
Brothers naturally have a lot to talk about
Emperor Emperor
Your Majesty, don't you want a concubine?
Quickly put on Taiyi and go back to the Hall of Yangxin
Emperor
The Empress is sick
Now in the gold hall
They still shot
Empress, do you mean
The last thing the emperor and I want to happen
It happened.
And I was right.
Yao Moxi and Beast King join forces to be unfavorable to the emperor
What!
How dare they do such a heinous thing
No wonder the emperor put the empress in the cold palace
Also named Let me send middle armor guards
It turned out to be to protect the empress
I'm just worried about the emperor's comfort
General Qin, the 1,000 heavy armor soldiers the emperor asked you to prepare
Have you all arrived?
Don't worry
Everyone is in the cold palace
Absolutely no one found out
Go anytime
Zhong Jiabing
General Qin
You are now immediately guarding the gate of the Hall of Mental Cultivation
No one is allowed in
Especially King Shuo's hippies were
His Royal Highness
The emperor fainted
Let's go and see
Hahaha, I finally made this king wait for this day
Go with the king to have a look